### Smart Manufacturing and Industrial Automation
xia2023autonomoussystemflexiblemodular, liu2024agents4plcautomatingclosedloopplc, xia2025scenegenagentpreciseindustrialscene

### Agent Architecture and Framework Design
feldt2023autonomoustestingagentsconversational, qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, händler2023balancingautonomyalignmentmultidimensional, lu2024responsiblegenerativeaireference, qian2024experientialcolearningsoftwaredevelopingagents, zhang2024codeagentenhancingcodegeneration, rasheed2024codeporilargescaleautonomoussoftware, tang2024codeagentautonomouscommunicativeagents, zhang2024llmbasedagentsautomatingenhancement, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, bouzenia2024repairagentautonomousllmbasedagent, tao2024magisllmbasedmultiagentframework, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, ishibashi2024selforganizedagentsllmmultiagent, geissler2024conceptguidedllmagentshumanai, he2024llmbasedmultiagentsystemssoftware, pang2024ai2appsvisualidebuilding, lee2024unifieddebuggingapproachllmbased, jin2024maremultiagentscollaborationframework, qian2024iterativeexperiencerefinementsoftwaredeveloping, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, wu2025humanevalcommbenchmarkingcommunicationcompetence, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, du2025multiagentcollaborationcrossteamorchestration, arora2024masaimodulararchitecturesoftwareengineering, wang2025openhandsopenplatformai, white2024buildinglivingsoftwaresystems, zhu2024redeltoolkitllmpoweredrecursive, dibia2024autogenstudionocodedeveloper, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, lin2024thinkonprocessdynamicprocessgeneration, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, hassouna2024llmagentumfllmbasedagentunified, zhu2024mossenablingcodedrivenevolution, yuan2024transagentllmbasedmultiagentcode, zhang2025exceptionsafetycodegeneration, zhang2025aflowautomatingagenticworkflow, hu2024selfevolvingmultiagentcollaborationnetworks, zhao2025mactgmultiagentcollaborativethought, dechezelles2025browsergymecosystemwebagent, ait2025modelinghumanagenticcollaborativeworkflows, mi2025coopetitivevleveragingllmpoweredcoopetitive, pan2025codecorllmbasedselfreflectivemultiagent, xu2025softwareagentblueprintcase, siddeeq2025distributedapproachhaskellbased, dong2025annarborarchitectureagentoriented, sami2025nexuslightweightscalablemultiagent, pan2025agentdroidmultiagentframeworkdetecting, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, feng2025agentusertestingmultiuser, owotogbe2025assessingenhancingrobustnessllmbased, sim2025largelanguagemodelpoweredagent, liu2025sewselfevolvingagenticworkflows, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic, sarkar2025surveyllmagentcommunication, ceka2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, mazur2025queryinglargeautomotivesoftware, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, huang2025knowledgeguidedmultiagentframeworkautomated

### Conversational Programming Interfaces
feldt2023autonomoustestingagentsconversational, qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, chen2023chatlogolargelanguagemodeldriven, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, wu2025humanevalcommbenchmarkingcommunicationcompetence, du2025text2bimgeneratingbuildingmodels, yu2024colearningcodelearningmultiagent, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, lambiase2025motivationschallengesbestpractices, akinboyewa2024giscopilotautonomousgis, liang2025tabletalkscaffoldingspreadsheetdevelopment, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, melo2025enhancingsoftwaredevelopmentcontextaware, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic

### AI-Assisted Development Tools
feldt2023autonomoustestingagentsconversational, qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, fan2023staticcodeanalysisai, yoon2023autonomouslargelanguagemodel, zhang2024codeagentenhancingcodegeneration, roy2024exploringllmbasedagentsroot, zhang2024llmbasedagentsautomatingenhancement, bouzenia2024repairagentautonomousllmbasedagent, pang2024ai2appsvisualidebuilding, qian2024iterativeexperiencerefinementsoftwaredeveloping, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, gupta2024codenavtooluseusingrealworld, zhang2024pybenchevaluatingllmagent, wang2025openhandsopenplatformai, white2024buildinglivingsoftwaresystems, jain2024llmagentsimprovesemantic, dibia2024autogenstudionocodedeveloper, yang2025coastenhancingcodedebugging, khoee2024gonogoefficientllmbasedmultiagent, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, lambiase2025motivationschallengesbestpractices, li2024redoexecutionfreeruntimeerror, hymel2024improvingperformancecommerciallyavailable, akinboyewa2024giscopilotautonomousgis, rombaut2025watsoncognitiveobservabilityframework, xia2025evaluationdrivendevelopmentllmagents, cheng2025agenticbugreproductioneffective, xu2025softwareagentblueprintcase, liang2025tabletalkscaffoldingspreadsheetdevelopment, roychoudhury2025agenticaisoftwareengineers, aggarwal2025darsdynamicactionresampling, xu2025mantraenhancingautomatedmethodlevel, ionescu2025multiagentonboardingassistantbased, ma2025thinkinglongerlargerenhancing, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, bula2025seaviewsoftwareengineeringagent, kim2025ieapluginaiagentreasoner, 2504.20115v2, melo2025enhancingsoftwaredevelopmentcontextaware, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic, 2505.23239v1, fei2025mcpzeroactivetooldiscovery, jin2025revealselfevolvingcodeagents, joshi2025swebenchclcontinuallearningcoding, mazur2025queryinglargeautomotivesoftware, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, xue2025pagentlearningpatchsoftware, bouzenia2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, wang2025contextawarecodewiringrecommendation, vaziri2025representingpromptingpatternspdl

### Software Design and Architecture
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, jin2025llmsllmbasedagentssoftware, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, zhang2025knowledgebasedmultiagentframeworkautomated, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent

### Code Generation and Implementation
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, zhang2024codeagentenhancingcodegeneration, rasheed2024codeporilargescaleautonomoussoftware, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, ishibashi2024selforganizedagentsllmmultiagent, wu2025humanevalcommbenchmarkingcommunicationcompetence, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, gong2025cosqapioneeringmultichoicecode, gupta2024codenavtooluseusingrealworld, ruiz2024agentdrivenautomaticsoftwareimprovement, xia2024agentlessdemystifyingllmbasedsoftware, zhang2024pybenchevaluatingllmagent, wang2025openhandsopenplatformai, sun2025lambdalargemodelbased, trivedi2024appworldcontrollableworldapps, jin2025llmsllmbasedagentssoftware, du2025text2bimgeneratingbuildingmodels, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, nunez2024autosafecodermultiagentframeworksecuring, zhu2024mossenablingcodedrivenevolution, yuan2024transagentllmbasedmultiagentcode, jin2024rgdmultillmbasedagent, zhang2025exceptionsafetycodegeneration, liu2024agents4plcautomatingclosedloopplc, hu2024selfevolvingmultiagentcollaborationnetworks, chi2024selatreesearchenhancedllm, zhao2025mactgmultiagentcollaborativethought, xia2025scenegenagentpreciseindustrialscene, akinboyewa2024giscopilotautonomousgis, takerngsaksiri2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, milliken2024pipinstallevaluatingllm, mi2025coopetitivevleveragingllmpoweredcoopetitive, zhang2024seekerexceptionsafetycode, pan2025codecorllmbasedselfreflectivemultiagent, hu2025qualityflowagenticworkflowprogram, alasalmi2025autonomouslegacywebapplication, cheng2025agenticbugreproductioneffective, xu2025softwareagentblueprintcase, xiao2025csrbenchbenchmarkingllmagents, roychoudhury2025agenticaisoftwareengineers, sami2025nexuslightweightscalablemultiagent, grishina2025fullyautonomousprogrammingusing, aggarwal2025darsdynamicactionresampling, xu2025mantraenhancingautomatedmethodlevel, luo2025unlockingllmrepaircapabilities, ma2025thinkinglongerlargerenhancing, xiang2025scireplicatebenchbenchmarkingllmsagentdriven, zhu2025adacoderadaptiveplanningmultiagent, wang2025codevisionaryagentbasedframeworkevaluating, pasuksmit2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, 2504.20115v2, gandhi2025researchcodeagentllmmultiagentautomated, ashrafi2025enhancingllmcodegeneration, rahman2025marcomultiagentcodeoptimization, hu2025compileagentautomatedrealworldrepolevel, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, zainullina2025guidedsearchstrategiesnonserializable, sim2025largelanguagemodelpoweredagent, liu2025sewselfevolvingagenticworkflows, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic, yu2025cxxcrafterllmbasedagentautomated, jin2025guarddualagentbasedbackdoordefense, qiu2025cosavingresourceawaremultiagent, liu2025lessonslearnedmultiagentframework, ceka2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, jin2025revealselfevolvingcodeagents, joshi2025swebenchclcontinuallearningcoding, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, yan2025lmrbenchevaluatingllmagents, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring, wang2025contextawarecodewiringrecommendation

### Testing and Quality Assurance
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, 2410.12468v2, liu2024agents4plcautomatingclosedloopplc, rombaut2025watsoncognitiveobservabilityframework, hu2025qualityflowagenticworkflowprogram, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, ceka2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, jin2025revealselfevolvingcodeagents, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent

### Multi-Agent Coordination and Communication
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, händler2023balancingautonomyalignmentmultidimensional, rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, qian2024experientialcolearningsoftwaredevelopingagents, rasheed2024codeporilargescaleautonomoussoftware, tang2024codeagentautonomouscommunicativeagents, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, tao2024magisllmbasedmultiagentframework, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, ishibashi2024selforganizedagentsllmmultiagent, he2024llmbasedmultiagentsystemssoftware, lee2024unifieddebuggingapproachllmbased, jin2024maremultiagentscollaborationframework, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, du2025multiagentcollaborationcrossteamorchestration, arora2024masaimodulararchitecturesoftwareengineering, ruiz2024agentdrivenautomaticsoftwareimprovement, sun2025lambdalargemodelbased, lin2024maoframeworkprocessmodel, dibia2024autogenstudionocodedeveloper, yang2025coastenhancingcodedebugging, zhang2024diversityempowersintelligenceintegrating, du2025text2bimgeneratingbuildingmodels, khoee2024gonogoefficientllmbasedmultiagent, yu2024colearningcodelearningmultiagent, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, lin2024thinkonprocessdynamicprocessgeneration, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, nunez2024autosafecodermultiagentframeworksecuring, hassouna2024llmagentumfllmbasedagentunified, yuan2024transagentllmbasedmultiagentcode, jin2024rgdmultillmbasedagent, zhang2025exceptionsafetycodegeneration, hu2024selfevolvingmultiagentcollaborationnetworks, zhao2025mactgmultiagentcollaborativethought, hymel2024improvingperformancecommerciallyavailable, takerngsaksiri2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, iannelli2025slamanagementreconfigurablemultiagent, ait2025modelinghumanagenticcollaborativeworkflows, mi2025coopetitivevleveragingllmpoweredcoopetitive, zhang2024seekerexceptionsafetycode, wang2025rtlsquadmultiagentbasedinterpretable, pan2025codecorllmbasedselfreflectivemultiagent, hu2025qualityflowagenticworkflowprogram, kong2025vulnbotautonomouspenetrationtesting, alasalmi2025autonomouslegacywebapplication, guo2025syncmindmeasuringagentoutofsync, siddeeq2025distributedapproachhaskellbased, pei2025flowofactionsopenhancedllmbased, karanjai2025multiagentframeworkautomatedvulnerability, sami2025nexuslightweightscalablemultiagent, grishina2025fullyautonomousprogrammingusing, nguyen2025teamworkmakesdreamwork, chun2025multiagentdebatemadsilver, pan2025agentdroidmultiagentframeworkdetecting, xu2025mantraenhancingautomatedmethodlevel, zhang2025knowledgebasedmultiagentframeworkautomated, luo2025unlockingllmrepaircapabilities, xiang2025scireplicatebenchbenchmarkingllmsagentdriven, zhu2025adacoderadaptiveplanningmultiagent, zhang2025agentfmroleawarefailuremanagement, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, feng2025agentusertestingmultiuser, pasuksmit2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, 2504.20115v2, gandhi2025researchcodeagentllmmultiagentautomated, ashrafi2025enhancingllmcodegeneration, owotogbe2025assessingenhancingrobustnessllmbased, rahman2025marcomultiagentcodeoptimization, ronanki2025facilitatingtrustworthyhumanagentcollaboration, liu2025sewselfevolvingagenticworkflows, sarkar2025surveyllmagentcommunication, qiu2025cosavingresourceawaremultiagent, liu2025lessonslearnedmultiagentframework, liu2025temacmultiagentcollaborationautomated, xu2025hallucinationconsensusmultiagentllms, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, feng2025breakingsingletesterlimitsmultiagent, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring, huang2025knowledgeguidedmultiagentframeworkautomated, oriol2025multiagentdebatestrategiesenhance, nguyenduc2025empiricalstudymultiagentrag

### Agent Specialization and Role Assignment
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, händler2023balancingautonomyalignmentmultidimensional, ma2024teachprogrammingaiera, qian2024experientialcolearningsoftwaredevelopingagents, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelsserve, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, ma2024combiningfinetuningllmbasedagents, tao2024magisllmbasedmultiagentframework, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, he2024llmbasedmultiagentsystemssoftware, lee2024unifieddebuggingapproachllmbased, jin2024maremultiagentscollaborationframework, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, arora2024masaimodulararchitecturesoftwareengineering, sun2025lambdalargemodelbased, lin2024maoframeworkprocessmodel, yu2024colearningcodelearningmultiagent, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, hassouna2024llmagentumfllmbasedagentunified, yuan2024transagentllmbasedmultiagentcode, zhang2025exceptionsafetycodegeneration, zhao2025mactgmultiagentcollaborativethought, iannelli2025slamanagementreconfigurablemultiagent, zhang2024seekerexceptionsafetycode, wang2025rtlsquadmultiagentbasedinterpretable, hu2025qualityflowagenticworkflowprogram, kong2025vulnbotautonomouspenetrationtesting, siddeeq2025distributedapproachhaskellbased, pei2025flowofactionsopenhancedllmbased, karanjai2025multiagentframeworkautomatedvulnerability, grishina2025fullyautonomousprogrammingusing, nguyen2025teamworkmakesdreamwork, pan2025agentdroidmultiagentframeworkdetecting, zhang2025knowledgebasedmultiagentframeworkautomated, xiang2025scireplicatebenchbenchmarkingllmsagentdriven, zhu2025adacoderadaptiveplanningmultiagent, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, 2504.20115v2, gandhi2025researchcodeagentllmmultiagentautomated, rahman2025marcomultiagentcodeoptimization, ronanki2025facilitatingtrustworthyhumanagentcollaboration, liu2025sewselfevolvingagenticworkflows, qiu2025cosavingresourceawaremultiagent, feng2025breakingsingletesterlimitsmultiagent, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring, huang2025knowledgeguidedmultiagentframeworkautomated, nguyenduc2025empiricalstudymultiagentrag

### Collaborative Problem Solving
qian2024chatdevcommunicativeagentssoftware, händler2023balancingautonomyalignmentmultidimensional, ma2024teachprogrammingaiera, rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, qian2024experientialcolearningsoftwaredevelopingagents, rasheed2024codeporilargescaleautonomoussoftware, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, tao2024magisllmbasedmultiagentframework, ishibashi2024selforganizedagentsllmmultiagent, he2024llmbasedmultiagentsystemssoftware, lee2024unifieddebuggingapproachllmbased, jin2024maremultiagentscollaborationframework, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, du2025multiagentcollaborationcrossteamorchestration, ruiz2024agentdrivenautomaticsoftwareimprovement, sun2025lambdalargemodelbased, lin2024maoframeworkprocessmodel, zhang2024diversityempowersintelligenceintegrating, lin2024thinkonprocessdynamicprocessgeneration, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, zhao2025mactgmultiagentcollaborativethought, wang2025rtlsquadmultiagentbasedinterpretable, kong2025vulnbotautonomouspenetrationtesting, guo2025syncmindmeasuringagentoutofsync, pei2025flowofactionsopenhancedllmbased, nguyen2025teamworkmakesdreamwork, chun2025multiagentdebatemadsilver, pan2025agentdroidmultiagentframeworkdetecting, zhang2025knowledgebasedmultiagentframeworkautomated, zhang2025mooseagentllmbasedmultiagent, ashrafi2025enhancingllmcodegeneration, rahman2025marcomultiagentcodeoptimization, ronanki2025facilitatingtrustworthyhumanagentcollaboration, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic, qiu2025cosavingresourceawaremultiagent, liu2025lessonslearnedmultiagentframework, xu2025hallucinationconsensusmultiagentllms, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring, huang2025knowledgeguidedmultiagentframeworkautomated, oriol2025multiagentdebatestrategiesenhance

### Programming Education and Learning Support
chen2023chatlogolargelanguagemodeldriven, ma2024teachprogrammingaiera, yu2024colearningcodelearningmultiagent, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, chen2025vtutoropensourcesdkgenerative, nguyenduc2025empiricalstudymultiagentrag

### Agent-Based Modeling and Simulation
chen2023chatlogolargelanguagemodeldriven, badertdinov2025swerebenchautomatedpipelinetask, 2505.23239v1

### Human-in-the-Loop Systems
ma2024teachprogrammingaiera, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelsserve, geissler2024conceptguidedllmagentshumanai, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, takerngsaksiri2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, ait2025modelinghumanagenticcollaborativeworkflows, chen2025vtutoropensourcesdkgenerative, liang2025tabletalkscaffoldingspreadsheetdevelopment, pasuksmit2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, ronanki2025facilitatingtrustworthyhumanagentcollaboration, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent

### Static Code Analysis and Bug Detection
ma2024teachprogrammingaiera, fan2023staticcodeanalysisai, wang2024identifyingperformancesensitiveconfigurationssoftware, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, nunez2024autosafecodermultiagentframeworksecuring, li2024redoexecutionfreeruntimeerror, zhang2024seekerexceptionsafetycode, ning2024definingdetectingdefectslarge, guo2025repoauditautonomousllmagentrepositorylevel, zhou2025benchmarkingenhancingllmagents, singh2025coderesearcherdeepresearch, zheng2025llmagentfunctionalbug, xue2025pagentlearningpatchsoftware, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring

### Cloud Systems and Infrastructure Management
wang2024rcagentcloudrootcause, roy2024exploringllmbasedagentsroot, shetty2024buildingaiagentsautonomous, iannelli2025slamanagementreconfigurablemultiagent, chen2025aiopslabholisticframeworkevaluate, yu2025enablingautonomicmicroservicemanagement, zhang2025agentfmroleawarefailuremanagement

### Issue Resolution and Bug Fixing
wang2024rcagentcloudrootcause, roy2024exploringllmbasedagentsroot, bouzenia2024repairagentautonomousllmbasedagent, tao2024magisllmbasedmultiagentframework, lee2024unifieddebuggingapproachllmbased, arora2024masaimodulararchitecturesoftwareengineering, mündler2025swtbenchtestingvalidatingrealworld, xia2024agentlessdemystifyingllmbasedsoftware, shetty2024buildingaiagentsautonomous, zhang2024diversityempowersintelligenceintegrating, liu2024marscodeagentainativeautomated, yu2024colearningcodelearningmultiagent, phan2024hyperagentgeneralistsoftwareengineering, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, rafi2025multiagentapproachfaultlocalization, yuan2024transagentllmbasedmultiagentcode, jin2024rgdmultillmbasedagent, rombaut2025watsoncognitiveobservabilityframework, meng2024empiricalstudyllmbasedagents, rondon2025evaluatingagentbasedprogramrepair, wang2025empiricalresearchutilizingllmbased, yu2025orcalocallmagentframework, cheng2025agenticbugreproductioneffective, pei2025flowofactionsopenhancedllmbased, grishina2025fullyautonomousprogrammingusing, chen2025locagentgraphguidedllmagents, chen2025unveilingpitfallsunderstandingaidriven, yapağcı2025bugcraftendtoendcrashbug, luo2025unlockingllmrepaircapabilities, ma2025thinkinglongerlargerenhancing, zhu2025adacoderadaptiveplanningmultiagent, liu2025agentdebugsdynamicstateguided, majdoub2025adaptivesoftwareagentsdebugging, mathai2025crashfixercrashresolutionagent, hu2025compileagentautomatedrealworldrepolevel, zainullina2025guidedsearchstrategiesnonserializable, zhou2025benchmarkingenhancingllmagents, singh2025coderesearcherdeepresearch, rahardja2025agentsfixagentissues, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, pabba2025semagentsemanticsawareprogram, martinez2025dissectingswebenchleaderboardsprofiling, xue2025pagentlearningpatchsoftware, bouzenia2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, sajadi2025aigeneratedfixessecureanalyzing

### System Testing and Integration
yoon2023autonomouslargelanguagemodel, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, iannelli2025slamanagementreconfigurablemultiagent, bouzenia2025itirunit, duvvuru2025llmagentsdrivenautomatedsimulation, chevrot2025autonomouswebagentsgood, liu2025temacmultiagentcollaborationautomated

### Requirements Engineering and Analysis
rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, rasheed2024codeporilargescaleautonomoussoftware, zhang2024llmbasedagentsautomatingenhancement, jin2024maremultiagentscollaborationframework, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, lin2024maoframeworkprocessmodel, jin2025llmsllmbasedagentssoftware, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, hymel2024improvingperformancecommerciallyavailable, zou2025goal2storymultiagentfleetbased, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, huang2025knowledgeguidedmultiagentframeworkautomated, oriol2025multiagentdebatestrategiesenhance

### Maintenance and Evolution
rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, roy2024exploringllmbasedagentsroot, bouzenia2024repairagentautonomousllmbasedagent, ruiz2024agentdrivenautomaticsoftwareimprovement, jin2025llmsllmbasedagentssoftware, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, siddeeq2025distributedapproachhaskellbased, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, siddeeq2025llmbasedmultiagentintelligentrefactoring

### Project Management and Planning
rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, khoee2024gonogoefficientllmbasedmultiagent, lin2024thinkonprocessdynamicprocessgeneration, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey

### Evaluation and Benchmarking Systems
rasheed2023autonomousagentssoftwaredevelopment, zhang2024codeagentenhancingcodegeneration, xing2024understandingweaknesslargelanguage, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, wu2025humanevalcommbenchmarkingcommunicationcompetence, gong2025cosqapioneeringmultichoicecode, shen2025shortcutsbenchlargescalerealworldbenchmark, xia2024agentlessdemystifyingllmbasedsoftware, zhang2024pybenchevaluatingllmagent, trivedi2024appworldcontrollableworldapps, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, 2410.12468v2, hu2024selfevolvingmultiagentcollaborationnetworks, guo2024redcoderiskycodeexecution, xia2025evaluationdrivendevelopmentllmagents, dechezelles2025browsergymecosystemwebagent, chen2025aiopslabholisticframeworkevaluate, guo2025syncmindmeasuringagentoutofsync, liu2025projectevalbenchmarkprogrammingagents, xiang2025scireplicatebenchbenchmarkingllmsagentdriven, bula2025seaviewsoftwareengineeringagent, rashid2025swepolybenchmultilanguagebenchmarkrepository, wang2025codevisionaryagentbasedframeworkevaluating, wang2025softwaredevelopmentlifecycle, zhou2025benchmarkingenhancingllmagents, badertdinov2025swerebenchautomatedpipelinetask, rahardja2025agentsfixagentissues, yu2025utboostrigorousevaluationcoding, joshi2025swebenchclcontinuallearningcoding, applis2025unifiedsoftwareengineeringagent, kuntz2025osharmbenchmarkmeasuringsafety, yan2025lmrbenchevaluatingllmagents, bouzenia2025understandingsoftwareengineeringagents, arora2025setupbenchassessingsoftwareengineering

### Research Methodology and Literature Analysis
rasheed2024largelanguagemodelsserve, sami2024systematicliteraturereviewusing, he2024llmbasedmultiagentsystemssoftware, li2024reviewprominentparadigmsllmbased, liu2024largelanguagemodelbasedagents, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, gandhi2025researchcodeagentllmmultiagentautomated, yan2025lmrbenchevaluatingllmagents

### Code Review Automation
tang2024codeagentautonomouscommunicativeagents, yang2025coastenhancingcodedebugging, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, 2410.12468v2

### Security and Vulnerability Analysis
tang2024codeagentautonomouscommunicativeagents, ma2024combiningfinetuningllmbasedagents, alhanahnah2024depsragagenticreasoningplanning, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, nunez2024autosafecodermultiagentframeworksecuring, guo2024redcoderiskycodeexecution, wen2024evalsvamultiagentevaluatorsnextgen, kong2025vulnbotautonomouspenetrationtesting, karanjai2025multiagentframeworkautomatedvulnerability, pan2025agentdroidmultiagentframeworkdetecting, liu2025agentdebugsdynamicstateguided, chen2025surveysafetysecuritythreats, jin2025guarddualagentbasedbackdoordefense, zheng2025llmagentfunctionalbug, kuntz2025osharmbenchmarkmeasuringsafety, sajadi2025aigeneratedfixessecureanalyzing

### Software Quality Assessment
tang2024codeagentautonomouscommunicativeagents, geissler2024conceptguidedllmagentshumanai, khoee2024gonogoefficientllmbasedmultiagent, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, 2410.12468v2, zhang2024seekerexceptionsafetycode, ning2024definingdetectingdefectslarge, roychoudhury2025agenticaisoftwareengineers, pasuksmit2025humanintheloopsoftwaredevelopmentagents, 2505.23239v1

### Agile Development Support
zhang2024llmbasedagentsautomatingenhancement, lin2024soen101codegenerationemulating, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, xia2025evaluationdrivendevelopmentllmagents

### Unit Testing and Test Generation
rasheed2024largelanguagemodelevaluation, sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, mündler2025swtbenchtestingvalidatingrealworld, jin2025llmsllmbasedagentssoftware, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, guo2024redcoderiskycodeexecution, bouzenia2025itirunit, pan2025codecorllmbasedselfreflectivemultiagent, milev2025toolfuzzautomatedagent, grishina2025fullyautonomousprogrammingusing, jain2025testforgefeedbackdrivenagentictest, zhu2025adacoderadaptiveplanningmultiagent, xu2025hallucinationconsensusmultiagentllms, yu2025utboostrigorousevaluationcoding

### Development Environment Integration
pang2024ai2appsvisualidebuilding, wang2025openhandsopenplatformai, zhu2024redeltoolkitllmpoweredrecursive, dibia2024autogenstudionocodedeveloper, akinboyewa2024giscopilotautonomousgis, milliken2024pipinstallevaluatingllm, chen2025vtutoropensourcesdkgenerative, xiao2025csrbenchbenchmarkingllmagents, yu2025cxxcrafterllmbasedagentautomated, arora2025setupbenchassessingsoftwareengineering

### API Testing and Service Validation
sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, shen2025shortcutsbenchlargescalerealworldbenchmark, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, kim2025multiagentapproachrestapi, zhang2025logiagentautomatedlogicaltesting, chevrot2025autonomouswebagentsgood, nooyens2025testamplificationrestapis, kim2025ieapluginaiagentreasoner, feng2025intenteststresstestingintent

### DevOps and Continuous Integration
sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, dong2024agentopsenablingobservabilityllm, sapkota2025vibecodingvsagentic

### API Integration and Service Orchestration
sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, gupta2024codenavtooluseusingrealworld, trivedi2024appworldcontrollableworldapps, du2025text2bimgeneratingbuildingmodels, sarkar2025surveyllmagentcommunication, fei2025mcpzeroactivetooldiscovery, nguyenduc2025empiricalstudymultiagentrag

### Tool Chain Automation
sami2024experimentingmultiagentsoftwaredevelopment, milliken2024pipinstallevaluatingllm, xiao2025csrbenchbenchmarkingllmagents, hu2025compileagentautomatedrealworldrepolevel, yu2025cxxcrafterllmbasedagentautomated

### Context-Aware Assistance
white2024buildinglivingsoftwaresystems, wang2024agentssoftwareengineeringsurvey, zhu2024mossenablingcodedrivenevolution, ionescu2025multiagentonboardingassistantbased, ronanki2025facilitatingtrustworthyhumanagentcollaboration, melo2025enhancingsoftwaredevelopmentcontextaware, fei2025mcpzeroactivetooldiscovery, wang2025contextawarecodewiringrecommendation

### Electronic Design Automation
mi2025coopetitivevleveragingllmpoweredcoopetitive, wang2025rtlsquadmultiagentbasedinterpretable, sami2025nexuslightweightscalablemultiagent, nainani2025timinganalysisagentautonomous, pasandi2025jarvismultiagentcodeassistant, jasper2025buggenselfcorrectingmultiagentllm

### Network Configuration and Management
wei2025leveragingllmagentstranslating, tang2025kpaunifiednetworkknowledge

### Legacy Code Analysis and Understanding
alasalmi2025autonomouslegacywebapplication, sim2025largelanguagemodelpoweredagent, singh2025coderesearcherdeepresearch, mazur2025queryinglargeautomotivesoftware

### System Migration and Transformation
alasalmi2025autonomouslegacywebapplication, sim2025largelanguagemodelpoweredagent

### Code Documentation Generation
nguyen2025teamworkmakesdreamwork, chun2025multiagentdebatemadsilver, yang2025docagentmultiagentautomatedcode, lei2025enhancingcobolcodeexplanations

### Knowledge Extraction and Preservation
ionescu2025multiagentonboardingassistantbased

### Multi-User Interactive Testing
feng2025agentusertestingmultiuser, liu2025temacmultiagentcollaborationautomated, feng2025breakingsingletesterlimitsmultiagent

### Policy as Code and Compliance Automation
vaziri2025representingpromptingpatternspdl, romeo2025arpaccinoagenticragpolicycode

